He's in.
He's uploading.
If he logs out
we can kiss the max
sentence goodbye.
It's messed up world, man.
You know, I've been
to a lot
of murder scenes.
This shit's different.
Like, as soon as
I lay down
all I see are
those kids faces.
I don't think I can do
this job. Tim.
Let me ask you something.
How many pedophiles,
you caught?
as of today,
288, not so bad.
How many kids you found?
It is a high probability
that most of those kids are
outside of the US, Chris.
So our job,
is to get the pedophiles.
And that's it?
It's a messed up world, right
Hello, Mr.
Oshinsky
I'm Agent Ballard.
I'm in charge of your case.
Everybody's gone home
for the weekend,
So it's just the two of us.
How about we grab
some fresh air?
Come on, put your shoes on.
I really feel
connected to you.
Like maybe you'll
understand.
But I need to know.
Can I trust you?
See, part of my job,
is looking
at everything.
You tell me how I'm
supposed to gaze
at so much beauty,
without...
being drawn to it?
Without wanting it.
You want me to believe
you're one of us?
You think I'm that stupid?
"Only the courageous act.
The rest are tyrannized
by a legal system,
made by cowardly men
who cannot admit
their true desires."
End quote.
So what?
You read my book.
I studied your book
Daddy's home!
Okay, everybody.
Come on.
You gotta clear
your plates now.
You're gonna be late.
Let's go. Come on.
Are you okay?
Come on, Tim.
What's going on?
Just give me a week,
please.
That's all I'm asking.
One week.
Mr. Oshinsky...
Time to go home.
Bottom line,
they've got you.
20 to 30, conservative.
But here's the thing...
Whatever they build up
against you --
I'll knock down.
That's my job.
But,...
here's the thing I need...
I need a real one.
I don't act on
my fantasies.
What about that trip
you took last year?
The one out of Cartagena?
The "Butterfly Cruise".
Come on.
I need this,
my friend.
Almost as bad as you do.
But I already have
three copies.
Not like this.
There's an inscription
on the inside.
Just for you.
"To the
bravest man I know.
Though I didn't know
it at the time."
So Sweet.
Flip the page.
His name
is Teddy Bear.
My God, he's so little.
Yeah.
This time tomorrow,
that little boy
is gonna be yours for
the whole weekend.
"Better a millstone
be hung around your neck
and you be cast
into the sea
than that you should
ever hurt for one of
these little ones."
What does that mean?
You're under arrest for
crimes against children.
I trusted you.
Never trust a pedophile.
Line six.
Is there some kind
of problem officer?
Oh, yeah, that...
that's an old picture.
You know kids are
these days.
They just grow up so fast.
That's him.
No, no, no,
I'm his uncle.
I'm his uncle,
you just ask him
Why don't you go
right over there?
okay?
He has lacerations
consistent with
sexual abuse.
It's only three or
four days old.
Help us, please.
They're ready Amigo,
you pick.
That one there.
No! No! No!
These are good for
when he wake up.
Alright now, Fuego.
Don't party too much.
No?
You gonna love it.
You just gonna
really love it.
She's just Miranda's age.
Imagine walking into her
room right now...
Seeing an empty bed.
What would we do?
You're gonna rot
in jail, Earl,
the only question is
which one?
And normally I'd
extradite your ass
straight to Colombia.
There you'd be
raped every day,
have your balls cut off.
Which quite frankly
you deserve.
Or you can tell me
what I need to know,
and stay in the U.S.
Get this to our embassy in
Columbia as soon as
possible and set me up for
another call with
the national police.
Got it.
Captain Jorge? I'm good,
thank you. Hey, I...
Rocio Aguilar.
The boy's sister.
Now pull-up on the
reins here, son --
we're going to hand this
case to the prosecution,
and we're gonna let the
Colombians mop-up Colombia.
Which means she'll
disappear, sir.
For good.
We're Homeland Security,
you know we can't
go off rescuing
Honduran kids in Colombia.
Look, the boy's back
with his father --
that's a career-capper,
take it and move on.
I can't.
I don't...
think you understand
what I'm asking you.
See ah...
This job tears
you to pieces.
And this is...
my one chance to put those
pieces back together.
I suppose I could tell
DC that you're...
You're going down there to
have a "training seminar".
Fund it out of
discretionary.
Keep it under ten grand.
Honey...
Hey...
Welcome to Cartagena.
Mucho gusto.
So, I took the liberty of
sending your report
to a "non-police" type.
And he came back
with a lead.
Welcome to his office.
There are two things you
should know about Vampiro.
He ran the Cali cartel's
money-laundering operations
in the nineties.
He did time in prison.
And the second thing:
He buys children.
And then he sets them free.
He puts these kids
in safe houses.
He gives them a
new chance at life.
Vampiro!
Some ground-rules, Timoteo.
Don't ever step into my
office again looking like
you just walked
out of a friggin'
Banana Republic ad.
Hm?
Save that for Bogotá, man.
This is Cartagena.
It's a beach town,
a party town.
Lighten up.
Jorge,
guy's down here looking for
a little pedo-action,
what's he wear?
Chancletas, flip-flops,
T-shirt.
Exactly.
What I need to see
is some horny hung-over
rich American,
stinking of beer,
crawling out of a big
honking automobile.
Rent something obnoxious.
And black.
And now Timoteo, the kid.
Miguel.
He's back with his father,
huh?
Yes.
How did that
make you feel?
Giving a child
his freedom?
Felt good.
Like, "back-rub" good, or
"chicken-wings" good?
What kind of good are we
talking about here?
The kind that gives hope.
Come on, amigo.
You've been at this
for 12 years.
Why are you doing it?
Because God's children
are not for sale.
That is why I am giving you
my Friday night.
And the plan unfolds.
Now the sister,
the pretty one,
What's her name?
Rocio.
As of this moment,
she could be a block
down the road,
or she could be in
Moscow, Bangkok, L.A.
And yes,
I do know an young
attractive woman
who matches your "Giselle".
Major operator,
runs 10, 15 kids.
Sources her children out
of Central America,
so she doesn't have to deal
with the Colombian cops.
Lures them in
with her looks,
promises the sun
and the moon...
a month later,
they're turning five,
six tricks a night.
You got a photo?
That's the easy part.
Meet Miss Cartagena.
A verifiable beauty queen.
Her name's Katty Juarez.
She's clean,
not even a parking ticket
in the colonial area.
No record of leaving
Colombia since she was 12.
Set me up on a date.
Tell Miss Cartagena
you got a horny,
hung-over, rich, American
looking for a little
pedo-action.
You don't just set up a
date with Katty Juarez.
She only deals with
street traffickers,
people she knows,
old friends.
She keeps her nails
very clean.
That is a tough
marlin to hook.
AMERICAN EXECUTIVE RAN
CHILD SEX CLUB IN THAILAND
Guy was making close to a
quarter million a month.
You said that Katie has
about 15-20 kids, right?
Scattered all over
Cartagena?
Probably some in
Cali, Medellin?
Timoteo?
So Rocio could be anywhere.
But what if we needed
all those kids?
I don't understand, amigo.
You ever heard of
Club Bangkok?
It's a members-only club
full of rich perverts,
jet-setters, CEO's.
It's a high-end facility,
stocked 24/7 with
a hundred kids.
And who supplied them?
A bunch of sex traffickers
who got greedy.
If they can build
one in Bangkok
why can't we
build one here?
You wanna build a
high-end sex hotel?
Yes I do.
And I found just
the right investor.
Pablo Delgado --
runs a four billion dollar
real estate development
company, with holdings
all over the world.
He loves to play cop.
We've already used him
on two separate missions,
he eats this stuff up.
That's the look, my friend.
And he can build
a sex hotel
anywhere he wants.
you know someone who can
bring a deal like this
to the marketplace?
Hello, pretty.
Calacas!
Vampiro!
Where is your horny friend?
Change of plans.
Put on a bow tie.
We're going to the
classy part of town.
Like the old days.
Wow! This guy knows
how to party.
That's it, amigo.
No more aguardiente.
I think I may have to
expand your mind
to an entirely new reality.
Okay.
These gentlemen
want to build
a one of a kind,
members-only club
near Cartagena.
Annual fee:
one hundred grand
per member.
They take care of
the facility
we take care of the talent.
And the members,
they get a
world-class resort
with full access
to models, 24/7,
all-you-can-eat.
Live-in models. Young ones.
How young?
Shock me.
Which one is this?
El Calacas.
He used to deliver
escorts for Escobar.
He sold me a
chicken last year,
9 years old.
And she was...
Nine legit or a
15 year-old with pigtails?
I deal in pure
cocaine, papi...
So how many chickens
do you want?
For starters,
50 or 60.
Minimum.
Go big or go home. Right?
I think your amigo
ate the worm.
I think he just sobered up.
That's a lot of
chickens, papi.
No one can do that alone.
I'm not asking you if
you can do it alone.
I'm just asking if
you can do it.
...plus five support agents
for a month in-country,
the penthouse in Bogota,
the mansion in Cartagena,
on and on,
and yet somehow...
somehow, you have
failed to bring me
one real-world lead,
or one American child,
or one American trafficker,
or one reason DC would
let you within a million
miles of this, and a bunch
of glamor shots
of Miss Cartagena
don't count!
She has the girl.
And I say the girl
is in Russia.
Prove me wrong.
It's over, Tim.
Close up,
get on a plane and
come back home.
Bureaucracy is shit.
This is why I
operate black.
Have a nice flight,
Timoteo.
You were a cartel guy...
Yeah.
Kept your mouth shut,
did your time.
Could've picked up
where you left off,
bought yourself a condo
on the beach.
Instead you're doing this.
Why?
Really?
I had that condo
on the beach.
Fifteenth floor,
marble everything,
overlooking the whole bay.
First night out of jail I
slept in my own bed.
Day two, I was
back in business,
same old life.
But it doesn't
feel right --
not the drugs,
not the hookers.
But dammit if I didn't
keep trying...
So one night
I'm leaving a bar all
jacked up on coca
and I notice this young
girl on the corner.
Fine looking, maybe 20, 25.
I take her up to my place,
do the deed, pay the bill.
She's putting on her shoes,
and I notice something.
I notice her foot.
She's got these little
pink cat faces painted
on her toenails.
And it hit me.
She's not 25.
Then she glances up
and our eyes connect.
And
it was like I was granted
a glimpse into her soul,
and all I saw
was sadness...
Out of nowhere
she starts talking.
Turns out she's not 25.
Not even 20.
This girl is 14 years old,
Timoteo.
She's been doing this
since she was six.
Looks at me,
smiles,
takes the money,
walks out the door.
All of a sudden I'm hit
by this tidal wave,
this tsunami of darkness,
and I know
I'm the sadness
in her eyes. Me.
I'm the darkness.
And I know
the darkness has to die.
So I get my 45.
Put it to my head.
Put my finger
on the trigger.
Now if there's a time
to ask if God exists,
that would be it.
So I did.
When God tells
you what to do,
you cannot hesitate.
So you've thought
of that...
of doing it on your own?
I won't be on my own.
I just have to
convince Pablo.
Okay.
So you quit your job
and you go and
rescue these kids.
My resignation's
in your box.
Wait. You do realize
you're ten months away from
vesting your pension.
I do.
You know I did
everything I could,
but the law is the law.
Did you know that were
over 22 million
new images of
child pornography
on the web this past year?
That's a five
thousand percent
increase over the
past five years.
Five thousand percent.
The fact is
it is the fastest growing
international crime network
that the world
has ever seen.
I agreed to it because
we were working
with the U.S. government.
If you back out now this
whole thing will blow!
It has already passed the
illegal arms trade.
And soon it's gonna
pass the drug trade.
You Wanna know why?
Because you can sell a
bag of cocaine one time.
But a child, the most
precious child...
You can sell a five
year-old kid
five to ten times a day
for ten years straight!
And everyday
ordinary people
don't want to hear it,
it's too ugly for
polite conversation,
but meanwhile over two
million children a year
are being sucked into the
deepest recesses of hell.
Trust me, man.
If we do nothing,
their pain is gonna
spread and spread
till some day it's gonna
reach the likes of you.
And that will be
a nightmare
that you never gonna
wake up from.
I'm sorry.
Sir, the gentleman
who just left
asked me to give you this.
Jorge found us a property
on Cartagena Bay.
It's a private
island confiscated
by the Colombian
government.
Here's some intel on that.
The palapa will be
located here.
The traffickers will
arrive up here...
So what do you think?
2.6 Not bad, huh?
So let's go meet
him in Bogota
and get him excited.
Better?
Too stiff.
If you don't know
what to say,
just don't say
anything at all.
Silence.
Don't forget to smile.
I forgot.
My love...
Yeah. I don't know
about the kiss.
Welcome. Beware of
your heads.
My soul brother,
let me introduce Katty.
Katty, this is the man
that's gonna make
your dreams come true.
Pablo.
Gentlemen...
Adolfo.
Don Fuego.
You know El Calacas.
Extravagant.
Who would like a drink?
We've got fourteen members
showing up for the
"Kick-Off Party," plus
a dozen prospects.
And we would like
all our talent on site,
rested, tested
and ready to rock
the day before the
first guest arrives.
Absolutely.
So
how many can you deliver?
You asked for 50.
At least that,
more if you're lucky.
Tell me, amor...
What do you like?
Depends on the mood.
Just deliver no less
than 50 models.
And you will
leave the island...
with 100 grand
Cheers.
Ok, it's handled...
you have the support of our
Embassy in Colombia,
One of our guys
will track the raid
in case you need any
legal back-up.
Hey Tim,
I hope you find her.
For you, papi.
Gracias.
Negotiation is over there.
I want the kids back here,
as far away from the
traffickers as possible...
They didn't bring
all the kids.
It doesn't surprise me.
It gotta be less than 30.
Let's go. Quick,
so you don't get wet.
You keeping the rest
of the talent
in the glove compartment?
They'll be here soon.
Osorio Rodriguez.
But my friends
call me Carne.
Carne is our lawyer.
He got good friends
at the borders.
No, no, no, no, no.
No Don King.
I like to get in the ring.
Tenacious. Love him.
That's it.
Excuse me. Want more?
And what's plan B?
We wait.
We're not gonna lose the
kids in the other boat.
Rocio must be with them.
Jorge, listen to me.
When you land,
take their fat bulldog and
get him off the island,
keep him separate
and no handcuffs.
No, no, no, no, no.
Sorry. He's mine.
Choose another.
You're joking, right?
You know where is the most
dangerous place
in Colombia?
Between me
and my chicken.
You're a real big man, huh?
I can kill you
without a glance.
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa.
Give the man what he wants.
Carne, tell your fathead
goon to put this gun away.
Alright.
Come on, guys.
Let's have a drink, huh?
Hey,
you'll have all afternoon
in that damn bungalow.
Hurray! Finally arrived!
Stop! Hands up!
Nobody moves!
On the ground!
Who set us up?
Your Don King?
Fifty four kids.
Did you get their names?
Rocio?
I'm sorry, Tim.
But we rescued 54.
Hear that?
That's the
sound of freedom.
I hear it.
Hm.
Fuego handed her off here.
At a village on
the Guáitara River.
South of that river,
it's all rebel territory.
No one goes in.
Not the army,
not the police.
Not us.
What?
That's it?
You're talking
about extracting
an 11 year-old girl
from unknown terrain.
So?
It's controlled by an
army of rebels!
Right.
Forget about what could
happen to us!
She could be killed too...
Tim.
What if this was your
daughter, Jorge.
Sorry, man.
She's gone.
She got sold to
the wrong guy!
Unless that guy
needs our help.
I remember hearing
about a groups
that could sweet-talk their
way into those areas.
Medical folks,
treating cholera, malaria,
dengue fever.
Makes me wonder
if there's any epidemics
going around the
mountains these days.
Put up your hand.
What?
I said "put up your hand".
These gringos.
Now you're a doctor.
Moving up in life.
Tim!
I got orders.
I can go as far
as the river.
No further.
When you get on that water,
you're on your own.
Do me a favor.
Keep these with you.
GPS?
You can keep it in
your wallet or...
I don't know, inject it.
So you can locate
our bodies, hm?
Hey, Timoteo...
If things go
south tomorrow,
which is not
particularly unlikely,
there's no
Marine unit coming.
We're done.
Hey.
Take this.
I'll feel safer.
I think I'll be
better off without it.
I hope we get a
warm welcome.
Don't shoot. Don't...
Get down!
Are you out of your mind?
Come on.
If I come back in the dark,
be ready to run.
What's happening?
He's on his own.
You got some cojones
coming here, amigo.
The cholera must be bad.
There are cases in Leticia,
San Gil, and it can
spread like wildfire.
So with your permission
I'd like to take the rest
of the evening to
look for anyone
who might need our
immediate attention.
If I do -- God forbid --
we'll have to evacuate
them immediately.
It's the only way to
make sure the cholera
doesn't spread.
Evacuate?
Yes. It's just
our protocol.
Yeah, yeah.
If you find sick people --
God forbid --
you bring them to me.
My protocol.
Rocio!
Rocio Aguilar!
Come here.
Oh, shit!
Is this one sick?
No, no, no. They're fine.
She's fine.
Okay.
Ei, amigo.
Let's go, man.
Rocio... Rocio.
No! No!
It's time to go home now.
Tu casa.
Vamos.
Boss, boss...
Alacran, Alacran!
Checho!
Yeah, yeah.
They took the boat!
Hey!
He's on the move.
Look.
Let's go, let's go.
Go, go, go, go, go.
You guys good?
You alright?
yes
Yeah, we're fine.
Rocio. Rocio.